Monday, May 13, 1895, Fiesole
Placci and Prince Wolkonski came to lunch on Saturday. We had a nice talk about Beauty. On Sunday, Emily came to tea and Fabbri to dinner. All he could say about the effect on him of a work of art was that it ‘put him into a kind of dreamy state’. Michael said it made her feel “God’s in his heaven - all’s well with the world.” Her friend, Miss Ellis, said it made her want to cry, and Miss Hall said it made her pray. [p. 120 cut away at bottom; 0130]
May 13, 1895
In the arbour at tea time Field asked whether pathos ever was an element of great art. At first we thought not, but I, who play the part of bringing up “the objections that might occur to the ordinary mind”, brought up Oedipus in Colonus and King Lear. At last Bernhard said what we all meant. “Pathos is an element of art only as predicate, never as substantive! Wrong use of pathos “religious” pictures, Tennyson’s “In Memoriam” and “Tears, idle tears”- even Pierre Loti. In a lyric outburst of grief it is the strong personality you keep bumping up against.
An idea is like a canal in straight banks, flowing as it has to flow, with … [p. 121 cut away at bottom; 0131] no surprise.
Gray’s Elegy is a picture of pastoral life to which we hung up all the closer for the feeling that it must come to an end.
In “Tears, idle tears”, you feel the poet is using “clichés which he knows to be ticklers for the feelings”. This is the fault of all bad but effective art: Marion Crawford, Rudyard Kipling, most English and German modern art. Also the graphic art that tends to concentrate interest upon that “easiest and surest tickler”, the face.
Why is easy tickling bad?
A large element in aesthetic pleasure is being made conscious of a surplus of energy. Cheap effects leave us where we were. Real art makes us work for our pleasure, and leaves us with a heightened feeling of intelligence at having been able to recognize its good points. Behind the obvious in Raphael is much that is not obvious, the recognition of which requires an immense intellectual effort. So in 