 was simply using her to satisfy his more civilized needs of female companionship, as he used the Berlin shop-girls, with whom he used to make expeditions into the country for a night to satisfy his more brutal needs. It sounds hard to say this, but when Bernhard said to him, did he never think of the effect on them, in that they might have babies, he seemed never to have thought of it, and so he never thought of what would happen to little Janet. I told her what I thought, and I think it helped to free her from Fafner. She said she had anyhow conquered the feeling - or rather grown beyond it - already, but from one or two things I observed I do not think the cure was complete. I hope it is now. I feel almost as tenderly towards her as if she were - not Ray, but let us say, Ray’s little finger! She is very sincere and very innocent, and I must say it was horrid of Fafner not to have spared her.    - and who were urging it on him, that surely they couldn’t want him to fall in love just for that. What he was really up to, though I don’t suppose he was at all fully conscious of it, [0177] was simply using her to satisfy his more civilized needs of female companionship, as he used the Berlin shop-girls, with whom he used to make expeditions into the country for a night to satisfy his more brutal needs. It sounds hard to say this, but when Bernhard said to him, did he never think of the effect on them, in that they might have babies, he seemed never to have thought of it, and so he never thought of what would happen to little Janet. I told her what I thought, and I think it helped to free her from Fafner. She said she had anyhow conquered the feeling - or rather grown beyond it - already, but from one or two things I observed I do not think the cure was complete. I hope it is now. I feel almost as tenderly towards her as if she were - not Ray, but let us say, Ray’s little finger! She is very sincere and very innocent, and I must say it was horrid of Fafner not to have spared her.  