 the amusement of all her friends, the pair produced a daughter, up to the number of about a dozen. Then at last the wished-for son arrived, and no more children have appeared since, for three or four years. Their friends kept urging them to get married, so in the end they did. Their grown-up children coming to the wedding. The old husband, after getting his divorce, also married again. These girls are all being brought up in their mother’s views about marriage. Bernhard said they looked like young Goths, with long straight locks, crowned with wreaths, and low-cut dresses. The family realizes perfectly the Goethesque idea of “Culture”, the ideal of the “Vollverwandtschaften”. Madame Hildebrand is the matronly realization of Charlotte - the emblem of Maternity - but of free maternity. One of the daughters is painting, but her father will not let her have any lessons. He wants her genius to  We went house-hunting and found just what we wanted! After lunch I wrote a full statement of our affairs to Miss Cruttwell, while Carlo Placci took Bernhard to call upon the sculptor Hildebrand. Miss Paget told me their story. Madame Hildebrand was engaged to be married at 15, but came to the conclusion that she and her fiancé were not congenial. However, he over-persuaded her to marry him, but on condition that if she got tired of him she was to leave him, without any unfriendliness. This was actually carried out when she was 18, and she went home to live with her mother, taking her baby boy with her. Soon after she met Hildebrand, a talented young sculptor, and a great thinker. She went to live with him, but had such a horror of marriage that she did not get her husband to give her a divorce. Year after year, to [0037] the amusement of all her friends, the pair produced a daughter, up to the number of about a dozen. Then at last the wished-for son arrived, and no more children have appeared since, for three or four years. Their friends kept urging them to get married, so in the end they did. Their grown-up children coming to the wedding. The old husband, after getting his divorce, also married again. These girls are all being brought up in their mother’s views about marriage. Bernhard said they looked like young Goths, with long straight locks, crowned with wreaths, and low-cut dresses. The family realizes perfectly the Goethesque idea of “Culture”, the ideal of the “Vollverwandtschaften”. Madame Hildebrand is the matronly realization of Charlotte - the emblem of Maternity - but of free maternity. One of the daughters is painting, but her father will not let her have any lessons. He wants her genius to 