 lo! it was delightful - a fairy dream, executed in marble with such fine tact and delicacy and originality that it made us happy for the rest of the day. Obrist spoke so picturesquely of his own mind as if it were a block of marble, and said he had chipped a chiselled and polished away every trace of academic tradition. And indeed his work was original. You saw the compatriot of Böcklin, but a man with a more delicate fancy, better taste, and more feeling for his art as art. The relief was a perfect illustration of all that Bernhard has been preaching about relief for the last month! Enthusiastic letters about “The Venetian Painters” keep coming in - Today a lady talked of translating it into French!! Mr. Fisher called on Bernhard, and I met them at lunch. Bernhard took Miss A.[nstruther] Thomson to the Medici Tombs and the Masaccios, and I took Fisher to the Uffizi. We three then met here, and had a really delightful talk about scientific history, and then Bernhard took him to call on Mr. Benn. In the evening Emily and Miss Rea and Loeser dined with us, and then came here and talked until eleven and very pleasantly. Emily is really charming. 
Wednesday, April 11, 1894, Florence
We spent the day with Loeser and Miss Hallowell walking to the Incontro. We took our lunch and Santayana’s just-published poems. The lunch was very good, but the poems very bad. Miss Hallowell dined with Bernhard and me at the Luna.
Thursday, April 12, 1894
I took Emily and Miss Rea to see a Villa in the morning. Bernhard took the Mallets to the Uffizi, and then we dined with Emily, Miss Rea, and Fabbri at Loeser’s. Loeser was as full of baleverines as usual. He said that the “values” in Puvis’ portrait of himself are all wrong.
Friday, April 13, 1894, Il Palmerino, Maiano
Bernhard and I called on Obrist and found a charming bust called “A Faun Listening”. We met Emily and Miss Rea in the Medici Tombs, and then had tea together. Afterwards Bernhard and I walked here. I read Mrs. Ward’s horribly trashy tale “Marcella”.